Drug me
Buying huge insurance to commit insurance fraud
Even my sister was not spared
How dare you leave my parents an unrepayable gift?
Still an individual
Ha ha ha ha
Li Xi
You know everything.
Did not see it
You are really smart
You are smarter than I thought.
If you weren't that smart.
I think I still have a chance to be with you
But you broke the window paper
ah
you tell me
What should we do next?
Whatever you do
I can't let you succeed.
Scum
Let's take a look
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Hello
Come and collect the goods.
Start
elder brother
Brother, you finally took action.
You never do it again
I thought you were really in love.
Walk away
No revenge
He discovered so much. I know him now.
Come
Why don't I just kill him?
The dead have no value to us.
Let him live and make money for us.